they really need to make a kill now
they're looking for easy prey but as the
herd starts to run it's apparent that
there are few if any cows in this herd
[Music]
the pups get left behind as the adults
push the herd
I'm not sure what the Wolves are looking
for with this herd there doesn't seem to
be any calves only adults
then I see storm spots something and
sprint past all the Buffalo
even the buffalo seem surprised but what
he's doing
what is the after
[Music]
they're really legging it but I still
can't see what they're running to
[Music]
two bulls a young one and an old one
I wonder what drew them out here to
these two lone animals in the middle of
a chase the wolves seem very relaxed
they take a moment to rest up and have a
drink
the pups even catch up
finally the Bulls take off and head for
the Willows the wolves don't seem
worried at all it doesn't seem like a
hunt anymore it's strange the Wolves
just seemed to be focused on the older
bolt like they're waiting for something
to happen I'll come back in the morning
to see if the wolves are still here
[Music]
the next day it looks like the old ball
just laid down and died but doesn't
appear to be any sign of a struggle
[Music]
the Wolves must have sensed something
wrong with this old wall that I couldn't
see
[Music]
they don't know what happened here but I
do know that we humans rarely realize
how sophisticated the wildlife we share
the planet with really is
you